Given an integer array nums, find the contiguous subarray (containing at least one number) which has the largest sum and return its sum.

To solve this problem, I'll use a linear approach. So, the array isn't sorted in this case which means we can't just pick all the positive numbers in the array and sum them up,
instead we should consider carefully which numbers to include in the sum. To do this let's take an example.

arr = [2, -1, 8, 4, -4, 11, 3, -5]

We begin with sum = 2 and add numbers to the sum from that point on. 2 + (-1) = -1. We see that adding an adjacent number decreased the sum, meaning
that we shouldn't consider the maximum sum to be 1 but rather 2. Then we add 8 and we see the sum has increased to 9, making it the maximum sum, overtaking 2.
If the array consisted of just first 3 numbers, we would return 9 as maximum sum despite there's a negative number in the sum. Negative numbers shouldn't really
scare us from adding them to the sum because they might be adjacent to a big(in our case) number like 8. So if we didn't add -1 to the sum, we would either
return 2 or 8 as the maximum sum(depending on the logic behind) which would be a wrong answer, anyways, let's keep going. With 4 as the next number,
the maximum increases to 13 but then we got -4. The maximum sum stays the same - 13 but sum decreases back to 9. Next we add 11 to the sum and both, 
sum and maximum sum become 20, after adding 3 and -5 our sum is 18 and the maximum sum is 23. In this case the answer is 23. Let's consider another
example to see a certain edge case.

arr = [2,-4, 3, 1]

In this example, until we reach number 3, maximum sum is 2 and the sum is -2. So if we add 3 to the sum we get 1. It seems that it would be better to disregard 
the previous numbers(2 and -4), make sum equal to 3 and begin adding upcoming numbers to 3. Moreover, maximum sum should also be equal to 3 instead of 2.
After this we just add 1 to the sum and return 4 as the maximum sum. The key in this example is to think about the previous numbers as a batch which
can increase or decrease based on the next number. If the next number alone is greater than the batch with that number included,
it means that there's no point in adding that number and we should just get rid of the batch and start a new one from scratch with the next number.